DNA on a frightened here and today we're
going to learn how to land a plane the
aircraft you see behind me is a Cessna
172 and it's perfect
alright guys welcome to the cockpit and
this is where you file a nap it's called
the cockpit and the main steering device
we have here is called the control yoke
and this is well you'll be using today
and there's one on either side copilot
and pilot and left goes left right goes
right and pull back you go up you push
forward you go down hey guys and here's
the instrument panel first thing I need
about airspeed indicator tells you how
fast you're going compass tells you what
direction you're fine altitude indicator
tells you how high you are now do these
knobs you only need them out this one
this is the throttle it makes you go
faster and slower push in to go faster
pull out to go slower and this is the
radio and it can tune it to different
frequencies to talk to tower and to
listen to tower alright guys we're up in
the air getting ready for landing in the
first thing you're going to want to do
is contact the tower and use the radio
and switch it to one 19.9 and that is
Scottsdale's tower and more Alaska
proportionally
for this flight today our call sign will
be 85 Charlie father stepped up our sis
need five Charlie papa there's about six
miles to the southeast and we like to be
in town for a full stop hey Charlie Papa
ready that's my Charlie up strapped over
the numbers runway 21 clear the lane
clearly on to 185 Kelly papa all right
super towers just given us permission to
land so the first thing we're going to
want to do is reach down in between the
pilot and co-pilot see pulled all over
there and that's going to put on the
notch of flaps which was sold to plan
down after this we're going to want to
watch our airspeed indicator and make
sure it's reading 60 throughout our
final descent right now you're about two
miles out from the runway
the 500 feet above the ground on the
altimeter we're going to want to keep
our 60 knots on our airspeed indicator
all the way down to where over the
numbers
as we're over the numbers what we're
going to want to do is pull our power
off and aim for 55 knots and this will
help slow the plane down for a nice soft
landing
what a nice touchdown that was next what
we're going to want to do is tap on the
foot pedals and this will help us slow
the plan down using the brakes as we
slow down to a nice speed to maneuver on
the ground will control the plane using
the footballs first you're going to do
is shut down the engine is to pull the
mixture then turn off the master which
turn it off all electronics turn off the
alternator pull the throttle all the way
out and turn the ignition off great job
guys you've just landed plane and get
action job